Update JVM Heap Size section (#4096)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/orchestrating-elastic-stack-applications/managing-compute-resources.asciidoc

[id="{p}-compute-resources-elasticsearch"]
=== Set compute resources for Elasticsearch

> Staring with Elasticsearch 7.11 and later, the JVM heap size is automatically adjusted. For older Elasticsearch versions, you need to follow the instructions on <<{p}-jvm-heap-size,how to configure the JVM heap size>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Staring with Elasticsearch 7.11, unless manually overridden, heap size is automatically calculated based on the node roles and the available memory. In Kubernetes, the amount of memory available to an Elasticsearch node is determined by the `limits` defined for that container. See <<{p}-jvm-heap-size>> for more information.
```
